Hi there. I'm Richie.
Welcome to this lesson on working with business metrics,
an essential topic for any business analyst.
We will focus on metrics that are commonly used
across industries and a wide range of business roles,
such as marketing, growth, sales, and finance.
As a business analyst,
it is important to analyze and convey
your company's performance using specific metrics in each of these areas.
You will not only learn about how to calculate these metrics,
but also how to interpret them.
A picture can say a lot,
which is why you will also learn how to create visualizations that
will help everyone gain new insights into your company's performance.
All of these new skills will help you enhance your data analysis work.